this is chris rachna 24k on twitter
today we're unboxing the hyper juice
expand head and hyper juice expand sell
the head has triple USB ports with
multiple varying wattages and the hyper
juice cell is multiple sizes it comes in
three six nine and twelve thousand
milliamps so go ahead and get started
with unboxing the hyper juice head these
are sold separately so you only need to
buy one head portion here and as you can
see the first port is 12 watts the
second port or middleport is 5 watts and
the third port is 12 watts the fourth
port is what you use to charge the
expand cell once it's plugged in and it
comes with a cover will pop that off and
as you can see there's two connectors
for the battery and two magnets to help
keep it attached i will unbox the actual
matter it's nice clear packaging these
batteries and such come with different
colors so it all depends on what you
want they come in white to come in
yellow pink blue and green and like I
mentioned before they come in three
thousand milliamps six thousand
milliamps nine thousand millions which
is what we have here and the largest one
at 12,000 milliamps
so we'll pop the top which is easy and
we have corresponding magnets and gold
connectors so it's simply easy to take
the head portion and get it close
together and it clips in place so that's
the hyper juice expand this is the white
version this is the button here so we
press it and it shows us our charge
level and if you tap and hold on the
button the light turns on so you get a
nice handy light as well and it's just
as easy it goes on and it comes off so
you can pop it off with one hand and
stick it on to a fresh battery if you
need to the expand cell comes with a
flat USB cable to charge it up alright
well this is Chris Wragge not 24k on
Twitter and I've just unboxed the hyper
juice head and hyper juice expand cell
thank you